README.md, before:

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/hodpub/zone-movement/module.zip?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](#) [![Forge Installs](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Forge%20Installs&query=package.installs&suffix=%25&url=https%3A%2F%2Fforge-vtt.com%2Fapi%2Fbazaar%2Fpackage%2Fzone-movement&colorB=448d34&style=for-the-badge)](https://forge-vtt.com/bazaar#package=zone-movement) [![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/F1F0VE26Y)

# Zone Movement
This module changes how the scene measure works, allowing you to measure that based on zones! It works for both the ruler and token drag.

| | | |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-1.webp) | ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-2.webp) | ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-3.webp) |
| ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-4.webp) | ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-5.webp) | ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-6.webp) | 

## Installation
1. Go to the setup page and choose Add-on Modules.
2. Click the Install Module button:
   1. Search for Zone Movement.
   2. Paste the following on the Manifest Link: [https://github.com/hodpub/zone-movement/releases/latest/download/module.json](https://github.com/hodpub/zone-movement/releases/latest/download/module.json)
3. In your world, enable the module on the module settings.

## How to configure a map to use zones
1. On the Grid configuration, change the unit to `zone`
   - The module will only measure the distances in zones if you configure the unit to that
2. Create regions on the map to define your zones. You need to add a `Modify Movement Cost` *behaviour* on the region
   - You don't need to change the values of the movement cost
   - If a region does not have the `Modify Movement Cost` *behaviour*, it will not be considered a zone
      - This way you can still have regions to do any other behaviour you want

And that's it!

## Other Configurations
- Enable/Disable the distance labels, based on the **Coriolis: The Great Dark** system.
   - Adjacent space: Engaged
   - Same Region: Short
   - Adjacent Region: Medium
   - Up to 4 Regions: Long
   - More than 4 regions: Extreme
- Configure custom labels for the distances above
   - Accepts Translation keys
- Consider or skip areas without regions on the zone calculation

# Tested Systems
Systems do not need to do anything to use this module. It should be fairly simple to use it.
However, if the system does any change on the Canvas' Ruler or the Token's Ruler, it will not activate the module.
If you test a new system, open a PR with the new system on this list.
- [Coriolis: The Great Dark](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/coriolis-tgd), from Free League
- [Invincible](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/invincible), from Free League
- [Coriolis: The Third Horizon](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/yzecoriolis), from Free League

Commit message:

✨ Allow smaller step size for gridless

README.md, after:

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/hodpub/zone-movement/module.zip?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](#) [![Forge Installs](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Forge%20Installs&query=package.installs&suffix=%25&url=https%3A%2F%2Fforge-vtt.com%2Fapi%2Fbazaar%2Fpackage%2Fzone-movement&colorB=448d34&style=for-the-badge)](https://forge-vtt.com/bazaar#package=zone-movement) [![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/F1F0VE26Y)

# Zone Movement
This module changes how the scene measure works, allowing you to measure that based on zones! It works for both the ruler and token drag.

| | | |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-1.webp) | ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-2.webp) | ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-3.webp) |
| ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-4.webp) | ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-5.webp) | ![Example Screenshot](/docs/zone-movement-6.webp) | 

## Installation
1. Go to the setup page and choose Add-on Modules.
2. Click the Install Module button:
   1. Search for Zone Movement.
   2. Paste the following on the Manifest Link: [https://github.com/hodpub/zone-movement/releases/latest/download/module.json](https://github.com/hodpub/zone-movement/releases/latest/download/module.json)
3. In your world, enable the module on the module settings.

## How to configure a map to use zones
1. On the Grid configuration, change the unit to `zone`. Even if you use another language, use `zone` on the configuration. The label will be translated to the language (if a translation is available).
   - The module will only measure the distances in zones if you configure the unit to that
2. Create regions on the map to define your zones. You need to add a `Modify Movement Cost` *behaviour* on the region
   - You don't need to change the values of the movement cost
   - If a region does not have the `Modify Movement Cost` *behaviour*, it will not be considered a zone
      - This way you can still have regions to do any other behaviour you want

And that's it!

## Other Configurations
- Enable/Disable the distance labels, based on the **Coriolis: The Great Dark** system.
   - Adjacent space: Engaged
   - Same Region: Short
   - Adjacent Region: Medium
   - Up to 4 Regions: Long
   - More than 4 regions: Extreme
- Configure custom labels for the distances above
   - Accepts Translation keys
- Consider or skip areas without regions on the zone calculation

## Gridless maps
Although the module supports gridless maps, it is important to mention that some distances are not 100% accurated. Especially in cases where the token is very close to the border of the region.

If you are having issues with that, you can try to change the new configuraiton "Gridless Step Size" to a smaller value. This will create more "steps" on the movement line. This will improve accuracy, but may increase calculation times.

# Tested Systems
Systems do not need to do anything to use this module. It should be fairly simple to use it.
However, if the system does any change on the Canvas' Ruler or the Token's Ruler, it will not activate the module.
If you test a new system, open a PR with the new system on this list.
- [Coriolis: The Great Dark](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/coriolis-tgd), from Free League
- [Invincible](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/invincible), from Free League
- [Coriolis: The Third Horizon](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/yzecoriolis), from Free League
